Complete Water Heater Selection Guide
Selecting a New Water Heater
When selecting a new water heater for your home, choose a water heating system that provides enough hot water for your family and is also energy efficient to save you money. Consider the different types of water heaters available and determining the right size and fuel source for your home.
Types of Water Heaters
It's a good idea to know the different types of water heaters available before you purchase one:
Conventional storage water heaters offer a ready reservoir (storage tank) of hot water which is adequate for everyday use. However, there are some instances, such as when more than one use for hot water is occurring or when there are guests in the home, increasing the requirements for hot water.
Tankless or demand-type water heaters heat water directly without the use of a storage tank. This type of water heater is designed to provide an adequate supply of hot water without running out when adequately sized.
Heat pump water heaters move heat from one place to another instead of generating heat directly for providing hot water, resulting in high efficiencies and significant cost savings.
Solar water heaters use the sun's heat to provide hot water and also save money on energy bills.
Tankless coil and indirect water heaters use a home's space heating system to heat water.
Selection Criteria
When selecting a replacement water heater for your home, consider the following:
Fuel type, availability and cost. The fuel type or energy source you use for water heating will not only affect the water heater's annual operation costs but also its size and energy efficiency. See below for more on selecting fuel types.
Size. To provide your household with adequate hot water and maximize efficiency, you need a properly sized water heater. Visit the pages on different types of water heaters (linked above) for more on sizing.
Energy efficiency. To maximize energy and cost savings, check the energy efficiency of a water heater before you purchase it. Visit the pages on different types of water heaters (linked above) for more on estimating energy efficiency.
Costs. Before you purchase a water heater, it's also a good idea to estimate the annual operating costs and compare those costs with other less or more energy-efficient models. Visit the pages on different types of water heaters (linked above) for more on estimating costs.
Also be sure to examine ways to reduce your hot water use, such as washing clothes in cold water. You may also want to explore other options such as drain-water heat recovery to save money on your water heating bill.
Fuel Types, Availability and Costs for Water Heating
When selecting a new water heater, it's important to consider what fuel type or energy source you will use, including its availability and cost. The fuel used by a water heating system will not only affect annual operation costs but also the water heater's size and energy efficiency.
Exploring Water Heater Options by Fuel Type
Fuel type and its availability in your area may narrow your water heater choices. The following is a list of water heater options by fuel or energy source:
Electricity - Widely available in the United States for conventional storage, tankless or demand-type, and heat pump water heaters. It also can be used with combination water and space heating systems, which include tankless coil and indirect water heaters.
Fuel oil - Available in some areas of the United States to fuel conventional storage water heaters, and indirect combination water and space heating systems.
Geothermal energy - Available throughout the United States to those who will have or already have a geothermal heat pump system installed in their homes for space heating and cooling. See Heat Pump Water Heaters for more information.
Natural gas - Available in many areas of the United States to fuel conventional storage and demand (tankless or instantaneous) water heaters, as well as combination water and space heating systems, which include tankless coil and indirect water heaters.
Propane - Available in many areas of the United States to fuel conventional storage and demand (tankless or instantaneous) water heaters, as well as indirect combination water and space heating systems.
Solar energy - Available throughout the United States -- most abundantly in the Southwest -- for solar water heaters.
Comparing Fuel Costs and Water Heater Types
If you have more than one fuel type available in your area, it's a good idea to compare fuel costs, especially if you're building a new home. Even if you're replacing a water heater, you may find that you'll save more money in the long run if you use a different fuel or energy source.
However, if you are converting from one fuel type to another, there are other cost considerations, such as adding a breaker or running a gas line to the water heater and venting it outside. Contact your utility for current fuel costs or rates.
The type of water heater you choose will also affect your water heating costs. One type of water heater may use a fuel type more efficiently than another type of water heater. For example, an electric heat pump water heater typically is more energy efficient than an electric conventional storage water heater.
Also, an electric heat pump water heater might have lower energy costs than a gas-fired conventional storage water heater, even though local natural gas costs might be lower than the electricity rates.

Storage Water Heaters
Conventional storage water heaters remain the most popular type of water heating system for the home. Here you'll find basic information about how storage water heaters work; what criteria to use when selecting the right model; and some installation, maintenance, and safety tips.
How They Work
A single-family storage water heater offers a ready reservoir -- from 20 to 80 gallons -- of hot water. It operates by releasing hot water from the top of the tank when you turn on the hot water tap. To replace that hot water, cold water enters the bottom of the tank through the dip tube where it is heated, ensuring that the tank is always full.
Conventional storage water heater fuel sources include natural gas, propane, fuel oil, and electricity. Learn more about fuel types available when selecting a new water heater.
Since water is heated in the tank until the thermostat setpoint temperature is reached, energy can be wasted even when a hot water tap isn't running due to standby heat losses, which result from the tank losing heat to the surrounding environment. Only tankless water heaters -- such as demand-type water heaters and tankless coil water heaters -- avoid standby heat losses. Some storage water heater models have heavily insulated tank, which significantly reduce standby heat losses and lower annual operating costs. Look for models with tanks that have a thermal resistance (R-Value) of R-24 and above to avoid adding an insulation blanket (electric water heaters only).
Gas and oil water heaters also have venting-related energy losses. Two types of water heaters -- a fan-assisted gas water heater and an atmospheric sealed-combustion water heater -- reduce these losses. Visit the Energy Basics site to learn more about how conventional storage water heaters work.
For low energy bills the best choice to consider are heat pump water heaters and solar water heaters. These water heaters are usually more expensive but they have significantly lower annual operating costs that result in short payback periods.
Selecting a Storage Water Heater
The lowest-priced storage water heater may be the most expensive to operate and maintain over its lifetime. While an oversized unit may be alluring, it carries a higher purchase price and increased energy costs due to higher standby energy losses.
Before buying a new storage water heater, consider the following:

Size and first hour rating
Fuel type and availability
Energy efficiency and costs

Installation and Maintenance
Proper installation and maintenance of your water heater can optimize its energy efficiency.
Proper installation depends on many factors. These factors include fuel type, climate, local building code requirements, and safety issues, especially concerning the combustion of gas- and oil-fired water heaters. Therefore, it's best to have a qualified plumbing and heating contractor install your storage water heater. Be sure to do the following when selecting a contractor:

Request cost estimates in writing
Ask for references
Check the company with your local Better Business Bureau
See if the company will obtain a local permit if necessary and understands local building codes, etc.

If you're determined to install it yourself, first consult the water heater's manufacturer. Manufacturers usually have the necessary installation and instruction manuals. Also, contact your city or town for information about obtaining a permit, if necessary, and about local water heater building codes.
Periodic water heater maintenance can significantly extend your water heater's life and minimize loss of efficiency. Read your owner's manual for specific maintenance recommendations.
Routine maintenance for storage water heaters, depending on what type/model you have, may include:

Flushing a quart of water from the storage tank every three months
Checking the temperature and pressure valve every six months
Inspecting the anode rod every three to four years

Improving Energy Efficiency
After your water heater is properly installed and maintained, try some additional energy-saving steps to help lower your water heating bills. Some energy-saving devices and systems are more cost-effective to install with the water heater.

Tankless or Demand-Type Water Heaters
Tankless water heaters, also known as demand-type or instantaneous water heaters, provide hot water only as it is needed. They don't produce the standby energy losses associated with storage water heaters, which can save money.
Here you'll find basic information about how they work, whether a tankless water heater might be right for your home, and what criteria to use when selecting the right model.
How Tankless Water Heaters Work
Tankless water heaters heat water instantaneously without the use of a storage tank. When a hot water faucet is turned on, cold water flows through a heat exchanger in the unit, and either a natural gas burner or an electric element heats the water.
As a result, tankless water heaters deliver a constant supply of hot water. You don't need to wait for a storage tank to fill up with enough hot water. However, a tankless water heater's output limits the flow rate.
Typically, tankless water heaters provide hot water at a rate of 2–5 gallons (7.6–15.2 liters) per minute. Gas-fired tankless water heaters produce higher flow rates than electric ones.
Sometimes, however, even the largest, gas-fired model cannot supply enough hot water for simultaneous, multiple uses in large households. For example, taking a shower and running the dishwasher at the same time can stretch a tankless water heater to its limit.
To overcome this problem, you can install two or more tankless water heaters. You can also install separate tankless water heaters for appliances -- such as a clothes washer or dishwater -- that use a lot of hot water in your home. However, additional water heaters will cost more and may not be worth the additional cost.
Other applications for demand water heaters include the following:

Remote bathrooms or hot tubs
Booster for appliances, such as dishwashers or clothes washers
Booster for a solar water heating system

Advantages and Disadvantages of Tankless Water Heaters
For homes that use 41 gallons or less of hot water daily, demand water heaters can be 24%–34% more energy efficient than conventional storage tank water heaters. They can be 8%–14% more energy efficient for homes that use a lot of hot water -- around 86 gallons per day. In some cases you may be able to achieve even greater energy savings if you install a demand water heater at each hot water outlet.
The initial cost of a tankless water heater is greater than that of a conventional storage water heater, but tankless water heaters will typically last longer and have lower operating and energy costs, which could offset their higher purchase price. Most tankless water heaters have a life expectancy of more than 20 years. They also have easily replaceable parts that may extend their life by many more years. In contrast, storage water heaters last 10–15 years.
Tankless water heaters avoid the standby heat losses associated with storage water heaters. However, although gas-fired tankless water heaters tend to have higher flow rates than electric ones, they can waste energy if they have a pilot light. This can sometimes offset the elimination of standby energy losses when compared to a storage water heater. In a gas-fired storage water heater, the pilot light heats the water in the tank so the energy isn't wasted.
The cost of operating a pilot light in a tankless water heater varies from model to model. Review the manufacturer's literature to determine how much gas the pilot light uses for the model you're considering. Look for models that have an intermittent ignition device (IID) instead of a standing pilot light. This device resembles the spark ignition device on some natural gas furnaces and kitchen ranges and ovens.
Selecting a Demand Water Heater
Before buying a demand water heater, you also need to consider the following:

Size
Fuel type and availability
Energy efficiency (energy factor)
Costs

Installing and Maintaining a Tankless Water Heater
Proper installation and maintenance of your demand water heater can optimize its energy efficiency.
Proper installation depends on many factors. These factors include fuel type, climate, local building code requirements, and safety issues, especially concerning the combustion of gas-fired water heaters. Therefore, it's best to have a qualified plumbing and heating contractor install your demand water heater. Do the following when selecting a contractor:

Request cost estimates in writing
Ask for references
Check the company with your local Better Business Bureau
See if the company will obtain a local permit if necessary and understands local building codes

If you're determined to install your water heater yourself, first consult the manufacturer. Manufacturers usually have the necessary installation and instruction manuals. Also, contact your city or town for information about obtaining a permit, if necessary, and about local water heater installation codes.
Periodic water heater maintenance can significantly extend your water heater's life and minimize loss of efficiency. Read your owner's manual for specific maintenance recommendations.
Improving Energy Efficiency
After your demand water heater is properly installed and maintained, try some additional energy-saving options to help lower your water heating bills. Some energy-saving devices and systems are more cost-effective to install with the water heater.

Heat Pump Water Heaters
Most homeowners who have heat pumps use them to heat and cool their homes. But a heat pump also can be used to heat water -- either as stand-alone water heating system, or as combination water heating and space conditioning system.
How Heat Pump Water Heaters Work
Heat pump water heaters use electricity to move heat from one place to another instead of generating heat directly. Therefore, they can be two to three times more energy efficient than conventional electric resistance water heaters. To move the heat, heat pumps work like a refrigerator in reverse.
While a refrigerator pulls heat from inside a box and sends it into the surrounding room, a stand-alone air-source heat pump water heater pulls heat from the surrounding air and transfers it -- at a higher temperature -- to heat water in a storage tank. You can purchase a stand-alone heat pump water heating system as an integrated unit with a built-in water storage tank and back-up resistance heating elements. You can also retrofit a heat pump to work with an existing conventional storage water heater.
Heat pump water heaters require installation in locations that remain in the 40º–90ºF (4.4º–32.2ºC) range year-round and provide at least 1,000 cubic feet (28.3 cubic meters) of air space around the water heater. Air passing over the evaporator can be exhausted to the room or outdoors.
Heat pump water heaters will not operate efficiently in a cold space since they tend to cool the space they are in. Installing them in a space with excess heat, such as a furnace room, will increase their efficiency.
You can also install an air-source heat pump system that combines heating, cooling, and water heating. These combination systems pull their heat indoors from the outside air in the winter and from the inside air in the summer. Because they remove heat from the air, any type of air-source heat pump system works more efficiently in a warm climate.
Homeowners primarily install geothermal heat pumps -- which draw heat from the ground during the winter and from the indoor air during the summer -- for heating and cooling their homes. For water heating, you can add a desuperheater to a geothermal heat pump system. A desuperheater is a small, auxiliary heat exchanger that uses superheated gases from the heat pump's compressor to heat water. This hot water then circulates through a pipe to the storage water heater tank in the house.
Desuperheaters are also available for tankless or demand-type water heaters. In the summer, the desuperheater uses the excess heat that would otherwise be expelled to the ground. With frequent operation during the summer, the geothermal heat pump may provide the majority of your hot water needs.
During the fall, winter, and spring -- when the desuperheater isn't producing as much excess heat -- you'll need to rely more on your storage or demand water heater. Some manufacturers also offer triple-function geothermal heat pump systems, which provide heating, cooling, and hot water. They use a separate heat exchanger to meet all of a household's hot water needs.
Selecting a Heat Pump Water Heater
Heat pump water heater systems typically have higher initial costs than conventional storage water heaters. However, they typically have lower operating costs, which can offset higher purchase and installation costs. The Heat Pump Water Heater Installation Tool can guide you through the decision-making process for selecting a heat pump water heater and installing it properly.
Before buying a heat pump water heating system, you also need to consider the following:

Size and first-hour rating
Energy efficiency

If you're considering installing an integrated water heating, space heating, and cooling heat pump system in your home, see our information about air-source heat pumps and geothermal heat pumps.
Installation and Maintenance
Proper installation and maintenance of your heat pump water heating system can optimize its energy efficiency.
Proper installation depends on many factors. These factors include fuel type, climate, local building code requirements, and safety issues. Therefore, it's best to have a qualified plumbing and heating contractor (or geothermal heat pump system installer/designer) install your heat pump.
Do the following when selecting a qualified professional:

Request cost estimates in writing
Ask for references
Check the company with your local Better Business Bureau
See if the company will obtain a local permit if necessary and understands local building codes

Periodic water heater maintenance can significantly extend your water heater's life and minimize loss of efficiency. Read your owner's manual for specific maintenance recommendations.
Improving Energy Efficiency
After your water heater is properly installed and maintained, try some additional energy-saving strategies to help lower your water heating bills. Some energy-saving devices and systems are more cost-effective to install with the water heater.

Solar Water Heaters
Solar water heaters—sometimes called solar domestic hot water systems—can be a cost-effective way to generate hot water for your home. They can be used in any climate, and the fuel they use—sunshine—is free.
How They Work
Solar water heating systems include storage tanks and solar collectors. There are two types of solar water heating systems: active, which have circulating pumps and controls, and passive, which don't.
Active Solar Water Heating Systems
There are two types of active solar water heating systems:
Direct circulation systems - Pumps circulate household water through the collectors and into the home. They work well in climates where it rarely freezes.
Indirect circulation systems - Pumps circulate a non-freezing, heat-transfer fluid through the collectors and a heat exchanger. This heats the water that then flows into the home. They are popular in climates prone to freezing temperatures.
Passive Solar Water Heating Systems
Passive solar water heating systems are typically less expensive than active systems, but they're usually not as efficient. However, passive systems can be more reliable and may last longer. There are two basic types of passive systems:
Integral collector-storage passive systems - These consist of a storage tank covered with a transparent material to allow the sun to heat the water. Water from the tank then flows into the plumbing system. These work best in areas where temperatures rarely fall below freezing. They also work well in households with significant daytime and evening hot-water needs.
Thermosyphon systems - Water is heated in a collector on the roof and then flows through the plumbing system when a hot water faucet is opened. The majority of these systems have a 40 gallon capacity.
Storage Tanks and Solar Collectors
Most solar water heaters require a well-insulated storage tank. Solar storage tanks have an additional outlet and inlet connected to and from the collector. In two-tank systems, the solar water heater preheats water before it enters the conventional water heater. In one-tank systems, the back-up heater is combined with the solar storage in one tank.
Three types of solar collectors are used for residential applications:
Flat-plate collector - Glazed flat-plate collectors are insulated, weatherproofed boxes that contain a dark absorber plate under one or more glass or plastic (polymer) covers. Unglazed flat-plate collectors -- typically used for solar pool heating -- have a dark absorber plate, made of metal or polymer, without a cover or enclosure.
Integral collector-storage systems - Also known as ICS or batch systems, they feature one or more black tanks or tubes in an insulated, glazed box. Cold water first passes through the solar collector, which preheats the water. The water then continues on to the conventional backup water heater, providing a reliable source of hot water. They should be installed only in mild-freeze climates because the outdoor pipes could freeze in severe, cold weather.
Evacuated-tube solar collectors - They feature parallel rows of transparent glass tubes. Each tube contains a glass outer tube and metal absorber tube attached to a fin. The fin's coating absorbs solar energy but inhibits radiative heat loss. These collectors are used more frequently for U.S. commercial applications.
Solar water heating systems almost always require a backup system for cloudy days and times of increased demand. Conventional storage water heaters usually provide backup and may already be part of the solar system package. A backup system may also be part of the solar collector, such as rooftop tanks with thermosyphon systems. Since an integral-collector storage system already stores hot water in addition to collecting solar heat, it may be packaged with a tankless or demand-type water heater for backup.
Selecting a Solar Water Heater
Before you purchase and install a solar water heating system, you want to do the following:

Estimate the cost and energy efficiency of a solar water heating system
Evaluate your site's solar resource
Determine the correct system size
Investigate local codes, covenants, and regulations

Also understand the various components needed for solar water heating systems, including the following:

Heat exchangers for solar water heating systems
Heat-transfer fluids for solar water heating systems

Installing and Maintaining the System
The proper installation of solar water heaters depends on many factors. These factors include solar resource, climate, local building code requirements, and safety issues; therefore, it's best to have a qualified solar thermal systems contractor install your system.
After installation, properly maintaining your system will keep it running smoothly. Passive systems don't require much maintenance. For active systems, discuss the maintenance requirements with your system provider, and consult the system's owner's manual. Plumbing and other conventional water heating components require the same maintenance as conventional systems. Glazing may need to be cleaned in dry climates where rainwater doesn't provide a natural rinse.
Regular maintenance on simple systems can be as infrequent as every 3–5 years, preferably by a solar contractor. Systems with electrical components usually require a replacement part or two after 10 years. Learn more about solar water heating system maintenance and repair.
When screening potential contractors for installation and/or maintenance, ask the following questions:

Does your company have experience installing and maintaining solar water heating systems? Choose a company that has experience installing the type of system you want and servicing the applications you select.
How many years of experience does your company have with solar heating installation and maintenance? The more experience the better. Request a list of past customers who can provide references.
Is your company licensed or certified? Having a valid plumber's and/or solar contractor's license is required in some states. Contact your city and county for more information. Confirm licensing with your state's contractor licensing board. The licensing board can also tell you about any complaints against state-licensed contractors.

Improving Energy Efficiency
After your water heater is properly installed and maintained, try some additional energy-saving strategies to help lower your water heating bills, especially if you require a back-up system. Some energy-saving devices and systems are more cost-effective to install with the water heater.

Tankless Coil and Indirect Water Heaters
Sometimes referred to as integrated or combination water and space heating systems, indirect water heaters use a home's space heating system to heat water.
Indirect Water Heaters
Indirect water heaters are a more efficient choice for most homes, even though they require a storage tank. An indirect water heater uses the main furnace or boiler to heat a fluid that's circulated through a heat exchanger in the storage tank. An indirect water heater, if used with a high-efficiency boiler and well-insulated tank, can be the least expensive means of providing hot water, particularly if the heat source boiler is set to "cold start."
Indirect water heaters are a more efficient choice for most homes, even though they require a storage tank. An indirect water heater uses the main furnace or boiler to heat a fluid that's circulated through a heat exchanger in the storage tank. The energy stored by the water tank allows the furnace to turn off and on less often, which saves energy. An indirect water heater, if used with a high-efficiency boiler and well-insulated tank, can be the least expensive means of providing hot water, particularly if the heat source boiler is set to "cold start."
Indirect systems can be fired by gas, oil, propane, electric, solar energy, or a combination of any of these.
Tankless Coil Water Heaters
A tankless coil water heater provides hot water on demand without a tank. When a hot water faucet is turned on, water is heated as it flows through a heating coil or heat exchanger installed in a main furnace or boiler. Tankless coil water heaters are most efficient during cold months when the heating system is used regularly but can be an inefficient choice for many homes, especially for those in warmer climates. Tankless systems are typically electric, oil, or gas-fired. These water heating systems work with forced air systems and hydronic or radiant floor heating systems.
Selecting a Combination Water and Space Heating System
Integrated or combination water and space heating systems usually cost more than a separate water heater and furnace or boiler, but installation and maintenance costs may be less. For example, you won't need multiple utility hook-ups since there's one source of heat. There also aren't as many moving parts to maintain or service. Some of these high efficiency systems may provide lower utility costs.
Most combination water and space heating systems are usually designed for new construction. However, there are some retrofit units available that can work with an existing water heater.
When selecting a system, you need to consider its size. The sizing of a combination system involves some different calculations than those used for sizing a separate water heating or space heating system. It's best left to a qualified plumbing and heating contractor.
To determine the energy efficiency of a combination water and space heating system, use its combined appliance efficiency rating (CAE). The higher the number, the more energy efficient. Combination appliance efficiency ratings vary from 0.59 to 0.90.
Installing and Maintaining the System
Proper installation and maintenance of a combination water and space heating system can optimize its energy efficiency.
Proper installation of your system depends on many factors. These factors include fuel type, climate, local building code requirements, and safety issues. Therefore, it's best to have a qualified plumbing and heating contractor handle the installation. Be sure to do the following when selecting a contractor:

Request cost estimates in writing
Ask for references
Check the company with your local Better Business Bureau
See if the company will obtain a local permit if necessary and understands local building codes, etc.

Periodic maintenance of your system can significantly extend your water heater's life and minimize loss of efficiency. Consult your installer and read your owner's manual for specific maintenance recommendations.
Improving Energy Efficiency
After your combination system is properly installed and maintained, try some additional energy-saving strategies for water heating and space heating and cooling to help lower your utility bills.

Estimating Costs and Efficiency of Storage, Demand, and Heat Pump Water Heaters
A water heater's energy efficiency is determined by the uniform energy factor (UEF), which is based on how much energy the water heater uses and how much energy is used to power the water heater itself. The higher the uniform energy factor, the more efficient the water heater.
Estimates of a home water heater's energy efficiency and annual operating cost are shown on the yellow Energy Guide label. You can then compare costs with other models. This will help you determine the dollar savings and payback period of investing in a more efficient model, which may have a higher purchase price.
A water heater's energy efficiency is determined by the energy factor (EF), which is based on the amount of hot water produced per unit of fuel consumed over a typical day. The higher the energy factor, the more efficient the water heater.
Determining Energy Efficiency of Storage, Demand, and Heat Pump Water Heaters
UEF ratings are determined by assigning water heaters into one of four different categories of hot water usage and then evaluating their performance based on that usage. These categories are called bins. A water heater is assigned a UEF within its bin based upon its first hour rating. A higher UEF means a water heater is more energy efficient and will cost less to operate compared to other water heaters in the same bin. A water heater's UEF can only be compared with water heaters within the same bin.
The higher the uniform energy factor, the more efficient the water heater. However, higher energy factor values don't always mean lower annual operating costs, especially when you compare fuel sources.
Product literature from a manufacturer usually provides a water heater model's energy factor. Don't choose a water heater model based solely on its energy factor. When selecting a water heater, it's also important to consider size and first hour rating, fuel type, and overall cost.

Related Resources and Updates
Water Heating:

Sizing a New Water Heater (March 26, 2025)
Estimating Costs and Efficiency of Storage, Demand, and Heat Pump Water Heaters (March 26, 2025)
Tankless or Demand-Type Water Heaters (March 10, 2025)
Heat Pump Water Heaters (March 27, 2025)
Solar Water Heaters (March 27, 2025)
Storage Water Heaters (March 26, 2025)
Tankless Coil and Indirect Water Heaters (March 26, 2025)
Reduce Hot Water Use for Energy Savings (March 10, 2025)
Water Heating Products and Services (March 7, 2025)

Solar Water Heating:

Estimating the Cost and Energy Efficiency of a Solar Water Heater (March 27, 2025)
Siting Your Solar Water Heating System (March 27, 2025)
Building Codes and Regulations for Solar Water Heating Systems (March 7, 2025)
Heat Exchangers for Solar Water Heating Systems (March 11, 2025)
Heat Transfer Fluids for Solar Water Heating Systems (March 13, 2025)
Solar Water Heating System Maintenance and Repair (March 13, 2025)
Solar Swimming Pool Heaters (March 28, 2025)

Swimming Pool Heaters:

Heat Pump Swimming Pool Heaters (March 28, 2025)

Subscribe to Energy Saver Updates
Subscribe to receive updates from Energy Saver, including updated content and energy saving tips for consumers and homeowners.