Tank water heaters utilize a large, insulated tank to store hot water. Initially, cold water would enter the bottom of the tank via the dip tube that’s connected to the cold-water valve. The cold water would then be heated based on the fuel supply of the water heater. If electric, one or two resistive heating coils would be utilized, each with their own thermostat. A natural gas water heater would use a burner located at the bottom of the tank. This burner system would also include a thermocouple (measuring the temperature of the flame), control valve, and gas supply shutoff. As the natural gas combusts, the exhaust gases would flow through the flue, typically passing the draft hood/diverter which passively avoids backdrafts stabilizes the conditions of both the combustion and the flue draft.  

Another option for the draft diverter would be a power vent, which utilizes an electric fan to actively push the exhaust gases through the flue. While the power vent has a higher initial and operational cost, it does improve safety and provide higher efficiency compared to a draft diverter. In addition, natural gas water heaters can also be equipped with a condensing unit, extracting additional heat from exhaust gases. This condensing unit flows the flue gases through a heat exchanger which is either built into the tank or wrapped around the tank, transferring heat to the water in the tank. If some cases, the exhaust gases are cooled to the point where it condenses into its liquid state, in which the condensate would be drained and neutralized.

As mentioned previously, both the thermostat and thermocouple are used to monitor temperature. If the temperature falls below the setpoint (typically 120°F to 140°F), the monitors will send signals to the heater to activate. As the water is heated, hot water would flow to the top of the tank due to natural convention (raising temperature results in reduced density). The hot water would then exit the tank via the outlet pipe located near the top of the tank. 

Safety measures are also commonly included within the tank water heaters. A temperature and pressure relief valve works by opening when the tank reaches a temperature of more than 210°F or a pressure of more than 120 psi. An anode rod is submerged in the water, acting as a sacrificial element to protect the steel lining and prevent corrosion. Through galvanic corrosion, the anode rod would attract corrosive particles in the water, since the rod is made from a less noble metal compared to steel.

While the tank water heater is relatively simple and has a low upfront cost compared to the other technologies, there are also some challenges associated with the technology. When there is no water demand (on standby), heat would be lost. Once the tank is empty, the consumer would need to wait until the water is reheated. In addition, the tank water heater also has a considerable large physical footprint, requiring carful planning from the consumer.